_pages/index.md, before:

---
layout: home
author_profile: true
permalink: /
title: Welcome!

# Delete next lines if you prefer not to have a feature row
# feature_row_title: Academic Interests
# feature_row:
#   - image_path: /images/p1.jpg
#     alt: "Academic interest 1"
#     title: "Academic interest 1"
#     excerpt:
#         "This is a description of item 1"
#   - image_path: /images/p1.jpg
#     alt: "Academic interest 2"
#     title: "Academic interest 2"
#     excerpt:
#         "This is a description of item 2"
#   - image_path: /images/p1.jpg
#     alt: "Academic interest 3"
#     title: "Academic interest 3"
#     excerpt:
#         "This is a description of item 3"
# # Delete the previous lines if you prefer not to have a feature row
---

At the Cognition, Learning, and Technology Lab (CLTLab) we use technology to understand neuropsychological functioning in healthy persons and persons experiencing mental and physical illnesses.
  
If you are interested in learning more or collaborating with the CLTLab team, please contact us at cltlab@psm.edu.
 
Visit the <a href="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/research">Research section</a> for more details about our research aims and projects.

<!-- Delete next line if you prefer not to have a feature row. -->
<!-- <br />
<br />
{% if page.feature_row %}
  {% include feature_row %}
{% endif %}
Delete previous lines if you prefer not to have a feature row. -->

Commit message:

Add research approaches and techniques to home

_pages/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
author_profile: true
permalink: /
title: Welcome!

# Delete next lines if you prefer not to have a feature row
# feature_row_title: Academic Interests
# feature_row:
#   - image_path: /images/p1.jpg
#     alt: "Academic interest 1"
#     title: "Academic interest 1"
#     excerpt:
#         "This is a description of item 1"
#   - image_path: /images/p1.jpg
#     alt: "Academic interest 2"
#     title: "Academic interest 2"
#     excerpt:
#         "This is a description of item 2"
#   - image_path: /images/p1.jpg
#     alt: "Academic interest 3"
#     title: "Academic interest 3"
#     excerpt:
#         "This is a description of item 3"
# # Delete the previous lines if you prefer not to have a feature row
---

At the Cognition, Learning, and Technology Lab (CLTLab) we use technology to understand neuropsychological functioning in healthy persons and persons experiencing mental and physical illnesses.

Our team implements quantitative and qualitative approaches to research these topics and develop robust knowledge. We combine innovative and traditional data collection methods such as:
- mobile devices (e.g., smartphone, tablet)
- web-based cognitive tasks
- lab-based computerized cognitive tasks
- standardized neuropsychological and achievement tests
- surveys
- interviews and focus groups

If you are interested in learning more about our work or collaborating with the CLTLab team, please contact us at cltlab@psm.edu.
 
Visit the <a href="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/research">Research section</a> for more details about our research aims and projects.

<!-- Delete next line if you prefer not to have a feature row. -->
<!-- <br />
<br />
{% if page.feature_row %}
  {% include feature_row %}
{% endif %}
Delete previous lines if you prefer not to have a feature row. -->
